Name : Estes
Alias : Moon Elf King
Role : Support
Specialty : Regen/Cost

Description :
At the habitat of moon elves, somewhere west of the Moonlake, here locates the legendary Emerald Woodland, which was the birthplace of the first generation of elves. Every elven king was born in the Tree of Life at the center of the Emerald Woodland. The elven king of present generation is the unique Estes, who was badly hurt during the second plane war and had to go into sleep in the Emerald Woodland. Moon elves lost the guide from their king ever since. However, when the flames of wars between human and orcs burned on this peaceful woodland, the young Moonlight Archer - Miya, stood up and gathered rest elves to protect their homeland. However the dominator of dark abyss is thirsty for more believers and the dark force has been growing stronger in secret. Seduced by the Blood Queen, Alice, some young elves have fallen. The race of moon elves was once again at stake, which outraged the great elven king! At a night of thunder and lightning, Estes woke up. He's strict but benevolent, and entitled with the strength by the sacred moonlight to protect his people and to support his allies. With the Code of Moonlight in his hands, he swore to repel every enemy who dares to violate his homeland.

Abilities :
Skill 1 : The Code Of Moon Elves
Code of Moon Elves will charge energy into Estes slowly. When it reaches the max stacking layer, it will improve his next basic attack, dealing 150 pts of magic damage to the target while slowing it down. The damage will ricochet and deal 225 pts of magic damage to nearby enemies.
Cooldown : 

Skill 2 : Moonlight Immersion
Restores 220 pts of HP for the target immediately and links Estes with it for 3s which will restore 275 pts of HP for the target slowly. Linking with an ally will also improve the energy charging speed of the Code of Moon Elves. Being too far from the target will break the link.
Cooldown : 

Skill 3 : Domain Of Moon Goddess
A flood of moonlight falls upon the specified area, dealing 350 pts of magic damage to enemy units within it. Afterwards, it turns to a domain of Moon Goddess. Enemies will be slowed down when they touch the barrier of the domain area.
Cooldown : 

Skill 4 : Blessing Of The Moon Goddess
Incarnates into the Saint King of Moonlight for 8s, enhancing Moonlight Immersion. After casting the Blessing of Moon Goddess, Estes will release a weak Moonlight Immersion one time for surrounding allied heroes. In the duration of the Blessing of Moon Goddess, Estes regens 1080 HP over time.
Cooldown : 

Video URL : 
konten bisa didapatkan di http://mobile-legends.wikia.com/wiki