Name : Angela
Alias : Bunny Love
Role : Support
Specialty : Regen/Poke

Description :
Dr. Gogh was one of the founders of lab 1718, an institution created with the aim bringing peace to the world. But as his co-founders fell deeper and deeper into their depraved human waeponization experiments, Dr. Gogh felt he had no choice but to leave and pursue a new project. Renouncing the questionable ethics of human experimentation, he endeavored to create a new kind of lifeform. solely from a mechanical skeleton, puppet strings, and synthetic skun and finnaly. a new generation of artificial life was born. Dr. Gogh firmly believed that love and hope were the greatest inventations of mankind, so he programmed the world's most moving stories into the heart of his new creation.

One bright morning, Peace Android Prototype 1 awakened from her bed, and Dr. Gogh bestowed upon this adorable mechanical angel, the Name Angela. Angela followed Dr. Gogh's tutelage, studying hard to understand the world, and hoping to meet the doctor's high expectations. However, their peaceful life together was soon cut short. When the mad scientist of lab 1718 heard rumors that Dr. Gogh had created a living soul outside of a human body, they couldn't believe it. They convinved themeseleves that Gogh ha betrayed them, keeping this knowledge to himself before fleeing, and so they ordered Dr. Gogh's past creations, Alpha and Beta to hunt down Dr. Gogh and his creation. As their pursuers were just about to close in on them, Dr. Gogh placed Angela into a flight capsule, instructing her to seek out his good friend Rooney

Abilities : 
Skill 1 : Smart Heart
Each time Angela uses a skill, her movement speed increases by 10% for 4s, up to 30%. This acceleration effect will also be applied to her attached ally.
Cooldown : 

Skill 2 : Love Waves
Launched love energy in a designated direction, dealing 200(+3) magic damage and adding a Lover's Mark. Each stack of Lover's Mark increases damage taken by 10% and reduces movement speed by 15%. Lasts 4s and can be stacked up to 5 times. Restores 100(+1) HP to friendly targets. Up to 5 charges can be restored.
Cooldown : 

Skill 3 : Puppet-On-A-String
Launches a puppet string at the specified target, dealing 300(+11) magic damage. If the target is still connected to the string after 3s, they will be immobilized for 2s and take 450(+17) magic damage. Each Lover's Mark increases the final damage by 20%.
Cooldown : 

Skill 4 : Heartguard
Angela gathers energy to generate a shield for a friendly target, absorbing 1200(+78) damage for 3s. After a period of time, she becomes attached to the friendly target for 12s. If you use this skill again, or if the friendly target dies, this effect will be cancelled.
Cooldown : 

Video URL : https://youtu.be/QMGBkumhVxg
konten bisa didapatkan di http://mobile-legends.wikia.com/wiki